{
    "1st Person" :
    [
        "My mind starts to wander, dreaming of wrapping my lips around a nice {TASTY} {COCK}...",
        "Maybe I should suck off the next guy I meet...",
        "My jaw doesn't hurt as much as it did.",
        "My throat seems to have healed, it doesn't hurt when I swallow any more.",
        "I'm starting to get hungry. If I can't find some source of food, I might need to offer head to strangers...",
        "I have a naughty thought... I should find some random guy, drag him to some secluded place, and suck him off!",
        "My purse is starting to feel pretty light. (giggle) Maybe I should start offering blowjobs for gold?",
        "This might be the first time in a while I can't taste {CUM}...",
        "I notice at times, when I'm barefoot, I feel a lot more sexual.",
        "Is that {CUM} I can taste in my mouth still? And it's not familiar either...",
        "I wonder... Would it be safe to strip off here and go naked for a bit?",
        "Is that... {CUM} in my hair?! How long has that been there? Oh Gods, who's seen it?",
        "I should get my {BOOBS} out... It's such a turn on to think of a bunch of strangers ogling them.",
        "I'm suddenly aware that I've been walking about with my mouth wide open as I daydream of sucking {COCK}...",
        "When guys look at my face, do they imagine my lips stretched around their {COCK}s?",
        "I'm in kind of an erotic mood... Would it be okay if I went topless for a while?",
        "Wouldn't it be fun to streak through the next town! That would be exhilirating! I'm gonna do it!",
        "Hmm, what's that? Can I hear someone moaning? Gods, I must have sex on the brain...",
        "It's getting really cold these days, my nipples are rock hard!",
        "I bet I can get a discount if I go into the next shop topless!",
        "I wonder if it's true that Spriggans lure young maidens into the woods and make them rut with wild animals?",
        "I should get some nice lingerie, something really sexy! I wonder who would sell something like that?",
        "My feet are starting to hurt a bit. I should get off them for a while...",
        "Perhaps I should change my hairstyle? Something long and flowing, and really sexy!",
        "Is there any clean water around here? A spot of skinny dipping sounds good! Will anyone peep on me?",
        "I wonder what it's like to have sex in a thunderstorm? Gods, that sounds so wild!",
        "Should I get my tongue pierced? Guys think that's sexy, right?",
        "The next dungeon I go into, I'm gonna go barefoot, so I can feel the dirt between my toes.",
        "I kind'a want to walk around naked, but I shouldn't do it when other people are around. What if someone saw me?",
        "Next time I'm in a dungeon, I should go naked! I wonder if the monsters there will get hard when they see me?",
        "It smells of {CUM} and wet dog here... You don't suppose...?",
        "wouldn't it be hot to sneak naked through the town at night? And if someone sees me, I'll suck their {COCK}!",
        "It's pretty boring in this hold. I'm gonna strip off for the next town I see. I wonder how they'll react?",
        "I wonder how horny I would get if I got a chastity belt? I bet I'd be gagging for it in no time...",
        "I'm getting kind'a sweaty... Could I really just strip off here? Would anyone mind?",
        "I think I need to lift my spirits. I could have a few drinks, maybe fool around with some hung guys...",
        "The cold and the snow makes my nipples so hard, it's sort of a thrill to be topless like that!",
        "I remember when I was younger, taking my top off in the snow, excited at the thought of someone seeing my hard nipples!",
        "I'm feeling a bit tender right now, and in the mood to be with a girl. Some pretty young thing, good with her fingers...",
        "Every time I go past a farmstead with a dog, I always wonder if the housewife there has sex with it when her husband's out.",
        "Everytime I see a dragon in the sky, I can't help but wonder if it's looking for me, and it makes me a little excited.",
        "Next time it rains, I want to go out naked. There's something about the rain on your body that feels so powerful...",
        "Would anyone here notice if I started touching myself?",
        "The feeling of a bare {PUSSY} out in the wilderness is hot. The idea that someone might see is such a turn on!",
        "If I wandered around in just my underwear, I bet I'd feel sexy!",
        "Should I take my top off? It wouldn't do any harm to let people just have a look..."
    ],
    "2nd Person" :
    [
        "Your mind starts to wander, dreaming of wrapping your lips around a nice {TASTY} {COCK}...",
        "Maybe you should suck off the next guy you meet...",
        "Your jaw doesn't hurt as much as it did.",
        "Your throat seems to have healed, it doesn't hurt when you swallow any more.",
        "You're starting to get hungry. If you can't find some food, you might need to offer head to strangers...",
        "You have a naughty thought... You should find a random guy, drag him to a secluded place, and suck him off!",
        "Your purse is starting to feel pretty light. Maybe you should start offering blowjobs for gold?",
        "This might be the first time in a while you can't taste {CUM}...",
        "You notice at times, when you're barefoot, you feel a lot more sexual.",
        "Is that {CUM} you can taste in your mouth still? And it's not familiar either...",
        "You wonder... Would it be safe to strip off here and go naked for a bit?",
        "Is that... {CUM} in your hair?! How long has that been there? Oh Gods, who's seen it?",
        "You should get your {BOOBS} out... It's such a turn on to think of a bunch of strangers ogling them.",
        "You're suddenly aware that you've been walking about with your mouth wide open as you daydream of sucking {COCK}...",
        "When guys look at your face, do they imagine your lips stretched around their {COCK}s?",
        "You're in kind of an erotic mood... Would it be okay if you went topless for a while?"
    ],
    "3rd Person" :
    [
        "{PRIMARY} is licking her lips, and glancing around hungrily.",
        "There's a rumour that some girls will suck a guy off for 5 septims... Maybe {PRIMARY} is that kind of woman?",
        "There's a little bit of {CUM} in {PRIMARY}'s hair. What a {WHORE}...",
        "{PRIMARY} grimaces as she swallows. Was she expecting it to be painful?"
    ]
}
