{
    "1st Person" :
    [
        "I moan in surprise and lust as the beast drops down on top of me, pinning me to the ground and fucking me deeper.",
        "My legs spread apart again, I gasp as I feel the beast get balls deep inside me with fast, long strokes.",
        "Oh Gods! Ah! Tears stream down my face as the brute on top of me fucks right into my womb.",
        "My foot curls around the beast's flank and I gasp and pant, knowing I'm about to cum.",
        "I shudder at the rough grasp as a massive hand comes down on my breast. What if it wants more? What if it kisses me?!",
        "This is what I wanted... A savage, animal fuck...",
        "I clench my teeth and feel my building orgasm. Almost there...",
        "The thing begins to growl with each thrust, plunging itself forcefully into me now.",
        "I feel the creature's thrusts become more urgent. I'm gonna take it, I'm gonna take a troll's {CUM}!"
    ],
    "2nd Person" :
    [
        "You moan in surprise and lust as the beast drops down on top of you, pinning you to the ground and fucking you deeper.",
        "Your legs spread apart again, you gasp as you feel the beast get balls deep inside you with fast, long strokes.",
        "Oh Gods! Ah! Tears stream down your face as the brute on top of you fucks right into your womb.",
        "Your foot curls around the beast's flank and you gasp and pant, knowing you're about to cum.",
        "You shudder at the rough grasp as a massive hand comes down on your breast. What if it wants more? What if it kisses me?!",
        "This is what you wanted... A savage, animal fuck...",
        "You clench your teeth and feel your building orgasm. Almost there...",
        "The thing begins to growl with each thrust, plunging itself forcefully into you now.",
        "You feel the creature's thrusts become more urgent. You're gonna take it, you're gonna take a troll's {CUM}!"
    ],
    "3rd Person" :
    [
        "{PRIMARY}'s foot curls around the beast's flank and she gasps and pants, obviously about to cum.",
        "{PRIMARY}'s totally immobilised by the beast's weight, and can do nothing but scream and beg it to stop.",
        "The beast quickens its strokes, fucking balls deep. It's clear what's about to happen."
    ]
}
